How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Instead of having to compare every line in the code, I could single out what was added and what was subtracted.
This saves a lot of time and will help in the future for looking for bugs in large files.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

If case of a bug, without the history, it would be extremely hard to find where the bug originates from and what was
changed to introduce the bug. Other than bugs, having histories of a file can allow group work without concrete changes.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

I think manually choosing when to commit is mostly good for the programmer but comes with cons too. The pros are that
we can save whenever we want, without any restriction on the magnitude of the change. The con is that for forgetful
programmers, there is more possibility of forgetting to save code.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think version control systems allow saving multiple files in one commit because when we work on a big project,
we would have to have multiple "levels" of code. ie. directory, functions, interaction.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Using git log, we can find the histories of the files, with git diff, we can see the differences and look for changes.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Using version control allows us to make dramatic changes that could completely break something because of our capability
of using git log and restoring a version that was not broken
.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Making a game.
